# ABSTRACT
While observing websites offering sales care/grooming, adoption and reporting injured or stray pets, it can be noticed that most websites only provide proper subsets of the features mentioned above. Very few sites offer a single solution containing all these features thus pet owners will have to maintain different accounts to use the services above. The proposed solution, ‘EDEN’ provides a one stop solution where people and pet owners can adopt pets, book grooming facilities for pets, and report stray or injured animals thus making it easy for pet owners to manage services related to pets and thus contribute to the care for animals be it strays or owned.
This project will deal with helping domestic animals. It will allow a user to report any animal abuse to the nearest NGO, and contact a veterinarian for a check-up or an emergency. A user can also adopt an animal using this and can see all the events organized by different NGOs. It will also have different modules for NGOs, veterinarians, accessories and grooming sections.
The NGO module will maintain the records of all the animals present for adoption and organize different events. The veterinarians and grooming module will be used for scheduling appointments from NGOs as well as from users. To make sure that a user attends the selected slot they will make an initial payment. The accessories module will have all the basic requirements that are needed to take care of the animals starting from foods to shampoos.
This project aims to help the animals, stray or owned and provide adequate treatment if needed in case of an emergency. This will also promote the concept of adopting a pet from an NGO which in return would help the NGOs to grow and have funding. Additionally, NGOs will have opportunities to collaborate and organize events. The veterinarians and grooming modules will allow the user to contact the vet in case of emergency or schedule a regular appointment with them.
The project will thus focus at developing a web and mobile application that will work towards users assisting domestic animals especially strays through providing them a means to get in contact with a local NGO and avail services for animals wherein they will be taken care of, and recuperate.

> Please refer to the [project report](https://github.com/yobahBertrandYonkou/eden/blob/master/1941146%20-%20Group%206%20-%20EDEN%20Final%20Documentation.pdf) for more information.
